the United States House of
Representatives Select Committee on
assassinations H SCA Oswald the CIA and
Mexico City
aka Lopez report written by Dan hardway
and edwin lopez 1978 the House Select
Committee on assassinations
investigation into Lee Harvey Oswald's
activities in Mexico City has been
directed at answering the following
questions one did Lee Harvey Oswald
visit the Soviet and Cuban consulates or
embassies in Mexico City - in addition
to the visits which may have been made
to the embassies what were Lee Harvey
Oswald's activities while he was in
Mexico City three was Lee Harvey Oswald
alone in Mexico City if not who were his
associates and what were their
activities for did the Central
Intelligence Agency maintain any
surveillance operation aimed at the
Cuban and Soviet diplomatic missions in
Mexico City if so what kind five what
information if any about Oswald's stay
in Mexico was known by the CIA Mexico
City station prior to the assassination
and what was the source of that
information six was the information if
any in the possession of the CIA Mexico
City station reported to the CIA
headquarters accurately and
expeditiously prior to the assassination
seven was the information in the
possession of the CIA Mexico City
station reported to the CIA headquarters
accurately and expeditiously after the
assassination eight was the information
developed by the CIA in Mexico City
communicated to the Warren Commission in
an accurate and expeditious manner nine
did the CIA photo surveillance of the
Cuban and Soviet diplomatic compounds in
Mexico City
if such photo surveillance
existed obtain a photograph of Lee
Harvey Oswald if so what became of that
photograph someone who identified
himself as Lee Harvey Oswald called the
Soviet consulate on 1st of October 1963
this individual indicated that he had
visited the Soviet consulate at least
once other evidence from the CIA
wiretaps and witness testimony indicates
that the individual visited the Soviet
and Cuban consulates on five or six
different occasions while the majority
of the evidence tends to indicate that
this individual was indeed Lee Harvey
Oswald the possibility that someone else
used Lee Harvey Oswald's name during
this time in contacts with the Soviet
and Cuban consulates cannot be
absolutely dismissed this committee has
not been able to determine Lee Harvey
Oswald's activities outside of the Cuban
and Soviet embassies with certainty
there is a report which has not been
confirmed indicating that during his
stay in Mexico Oswald
attended a twist party at the home of
reuben duran navarro
the brother-in-law of sylvia duran there
is also unconfirmed evidence which if
true would indicate that Oswald spent
one night and parts of two days with a
group of pro-castro students from the
University of Mexico there is a report
that Oswald may have been in the company
of a tall thin blond headed man while in
Mexico this report has not been
confirmed if true it is possible that
this same individual may on occasion
have used Oswald's name in dealing with
the Cuban and Soviet consulates the
man's name if there was such a man is
not known the CIA's Mexico City station
definitely knew of Oswald's contacts
with both the Soviet and Cuban
diplomatic compounds and of his desire
to obtain an in transit visa for travel
to Russia via Cuba the source of this
information was the electronic
surveillance on the Soviet consulate and
Soviet military anti Shay's office
this has been an hour hidden history
audiobook narrated by Chris Abernathy
please visit our hidden history org